Update options.md Customization admin panel doc (#2478)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/admin-panel-customization/options.md

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    },
    // Override or extend the theme
    theme: {
	    dark:{
	      colors: {
			  alternative100: '#f6ecfc',
			  alternative200: '#e0c1f4',
			  alternative500: '#ac73e6',
			  alternative600: '#9736e8',
			  alternative700: '#8312d1',
			  buttonNeutral0: '#ffffff',
			  buttonPrimary500: '#7b79ff',

> 			  // you can see other colors in the lin below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			  // you can see other colors in the link below
```

};
```

> :::note Notes:  you can see the full traslation on this link below to change the welcome message,... etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```

> [translation keys](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/blob/develop/packages/core/admin/admin/src/translations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the full translation keys, for instance to change the welcome message, [on GitHub](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/blob/develop/packages/core/admin/admin/src/translations).
```

> also for the light and dar colros you can use this: [light - dark colors](https://github.com/strapi/design-system/tree/main/packages/design-system/src/themes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Light and dark colors are also found [on GitHub](https://github.com/strapi/design-system/tree/main/packages/design-system/src/themes).
```
